docs: add SQL query rules for agents (#22677)
juju/juju: AGENTS.architecture-rules.md

- Do not leak transaction or database details out of state packages.
- Put logic in state only when it must execute inside a transaction.
- State sub-packages must use Sqlair for query and mutation.

> - SQL queries must use `WITH` common table expressions instead of embedded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefer SQL queries that use `WITH` common table expressions instead of embedded `SELECT` subqueries.
```

> must

This is a very harsh qualifier for embedded subqueries, as there are some legitimate use cases.

Author: Sure, done.
